Use media breakpoint instead of isMobile to eliminate passing props to style hook in Page component (#16697)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/tiny-llamas-jump.md

---
'@backstage/core-components': patch
---

> Use css media query in BackstagePage style hook to eliminate style hook props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use media queries to change layout instead of `isMobile` prop in `BackstagePage` component
```
